flask_project/
│
├── app.py
│
├── templates/
│   ├── index.html
│   ├── host_details.html
│   ├── scan_form.html
│   ├── scan_results.html
│   └── speed_test.html
│
├── static/
│   └── (static files such as CSS, JavaScript, images)
│
└── README.md

1. app.py
Description: This file contains the main Flask application code, including route definitions and backend logic.
Responsibilities:
Defines routes for different parts of the application, such as viewing host details, conducting speed tests, and scanning ports.
Implements backend functionality for handling user requests and processing data.

2. templates/
Description: This directory contains HTML templates used to generate the user interface of the web application.
Responsibilities:
Provides the structure and layout for different pages of the application.
Dynamically renders data received from the backend to present to the user.

a. index.html
Description: Homepage template.
Responsibilities:
Displays an overview of the application and provides navigation links to other sections.

b. host_details.html
Description: Host details page template.
Responsibilities:
Displays the hostname and local IP address of the server.

c. scan_form.html
Description: Port scanning form template.
Responsibilities:
Presents a form where users can input parameters for scanning ports on a specified IP address.

d. scan_results.html
Description: Port scan results page template.
Responsibilities:
Displays the results of the port scanning process, including open ports or a message if no open ports are found.

e. speed_test.html
Description: Network speed test form template.
Responsibilities:
Provides a form where users can initiate a network speed test.

3. static/
Description: This directory contains static files such as CSS, JavaScript, and images used for styling and functionality.
Responsibilities:
Enhances the user interface and functionality of the web application.


To run the Flask program you provided, you need to set up a Python environment with the necessary dependencies installed. Below are the steps to create such an environment:

1Install Python:
Ensure Python is installed on your system. You can download Python from the official Python website and follow the installation instructions.

2. Install Flask and Other Dependencies:
Install Flask and other required dependencies globally using pip:

bash
Copy code
pip install Flask
pip install speedtest-cli
3. Run the Flask Application:
Now, you can run your Flask application:

bash
Copy code
python app.py
Make sure you're in the directory where your app.py file is located before running the above command.









